[DOC-886] Modify the Migration assessment page and list assess migration steps on Migration pages (#28199)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/migrate/live-fall-back.md

yb-voyager keeps all of its migration state, including exported schema and data, in a local directory called the _export directory_.

> Before starting migration, you should create the export directory on a file system that has enough space to keep the entire source database. Ideally, create this export directory inside a parent folder named after your migration for better organization. You need to provide the full path to the export directory in the `export-dir` parameter of your [configuration file](#setup-a-configuration-file), or in the `--export-dir` flag when running `yb-voyager` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting migration, you should create the export directory on a file system that has enough space to keep the entire source database. Ideally, create this export directory inside a parent folder named after your migration for better organization. You need to provide the full path to the export directory in the `export-dir` parameter of your [configuration file](#set-up-a-configuration-file), or in the `--export-dir` flag when running `yb-voyager` commands.
```
